koenigsegg CCX in pearl white with a
creamy interior and christian could tell
something about this is X here it's for
a dealer it made for dealer show
corporal dealer yes and the color what
is the name of the color well it's
Swedish snow worldwide Swedish snow
pearl white it looked familiar than
Swedish no worldwide yep very very
widely song hello everyone
it's not a blue issue it's very clear
white but with a deeper deeper love x
and what's the name of the interior I
actually don't have an April because
it's a special blend from the customer
dealer ordered it yeah so this is a
custom interior and where did you get
the inspiration from was it from
rolls-royce so I'm not sure they're also
felt any empty dealers-sony on something
that it is quite the unique combination
quite pale colors mixed together which
is interesting yes yeah it's very light
interior everywhere very very nice and
it's got the new coronal clusters yes
exactly the new instrument cluster and
and it's not possible to change the
color of the leather of the steering
wheel because of the certification know
you can do it you can do it you could
have them in champagne color as well
without dealing that would be possible
actually yeah but I think the idea is it
goes Master well without carbon yeah
carbon hearts you have the corporate
party on you have carbon on the steering
okay exactly the carbon but of course it
would be possible
yeah well have to have some parts on
having the middle lane in champaign or
something
the latest stereo units here what
connect circuits got the rear view
camera ipod connection
connection sat-nav for CD changer
everything is galloping everything you
want and this is a stereo custom made
for kionics yes it's like Castro for no
more jvc and what is what is special
with it is it mp3 player or is it will
it's got mp3 but ipod connection and
satna rear-view camera bluetooth be
honest about it radio of course and that
this was not be one of the very first
cars with it now we've been doing it for
about six months sorry ha and sin it
flips then then we have the
oh yes
by mag correct and how much light
reduced and the stand stock wheels well
they're about one and a half kilos
lighter / we compared to the magnesium
wings original round wheels you know
nothing about the same way to serve you
know watch to eat koenigsegg CCX white
caramel page rather
at mph Stocco of care exec board calm
gorgeous interior Alcantara and
champagne and the new chrono cluster
and by my greens
Oh
colchester
it's partly coastal
so that just skip to analyse go
how many colors really message our other
and Cora
you